# NutiNubs

Despite great technological progress in health care, health educational programs and health promoting applications, there is a global increasing rate of lifestyle related diseases and medical conditions. In the Netherlands, an unhealthy diet is responsible for a significant part of this increase and is linked to the world’s top ten leading risk factors such as high blood pressure, obesity and high cholesterol. One of the main causes of making unhealthy dietary choices is a lack of nutritional knowledge and awareness on what is considered to be healthy. We aim to address this problem by fostering nutritional awareness among members of the Dutch society at a very early age, potentially reducing the risk of aforementioned medical issues and conditions. This report describes the design, development and evaluation of NutriNubs; a mobile application that focuses on fostering awareness about healthy food consumption through encouraging users to cook their own meals and by making use of gamification elements. Although this application can be used by anyone, we mainly focus on Dutch adolescent high school students. A literature study was performed and interviews with the target audience were conducted which led to the identification of several key design requirements. Based on these requirements a set of two final prototypes were designed using an iterative prototyping approach where the evaluation of each version led to new insights which we could improve upon. Finally, we discuss what issues our work revealed, present the main findings of our final evaluation and make suggestions for future research.
 
# Developement

To develop this application we used IntelXDK which makes use of HTML, CSS and JavaScript to build a deployable application in Android, iOS and Windows Phone.

